About Us
Home
About Bavasons
Journal
Projects
Customer Profile
Events
Design Studio
Gallery
Contact
BAVASONS HOMES
Bavasons Homes is an independent company that took root from Bavasons Constructions (P) Ltd, founded by V.M. Fazal Ali and V.M. Liaquat Ali in the 1980s. Bavasons is a diversified and unique group with a strong corporate culture. At Bavasons, we believe in making life better every day for as many people as possible while overcoming umpteen challenges faced in today's fast-changing and dynamic world. In a metro city like Kochi, where trusted builders are in demand, Bavasons takes the lead by delivering simple, elegant and value-based homes that are affordable and quality assured. With a strong financial backing and a group of experienced employees, our commitments are held strong and performance is unwavering even during global economic instabilities. The parent firm Bavasons Constructions (P) LTD was dissolved in 2018, and Rizwan Fazal V.B. of the family launched a fresh, new entity under the banner of Bavasons Homes as the name is deep something Mr. Rizwan Fazal grew up hearing, hence the name .
While it continues to carry forward the legacy and goodwill created by Bavasons Constructions (P) LTD, the new venture's leadership has adopted a state-of-the-art business model and already made a mark in the commercial and residential landscape.
FOUNDER
Fazal Ali
Fazal Ali is an Engineering Graduate from National institute of Technology, Calicut . Instrumental in instituting Prof: K.M Bahuddeen award for the Best Engineering Teacher of kerala. Which carries a citation and Prof: P M Jussay award for the best outgoing Engineering student of NIT Calicut and scholarships for most needy engineering students.
A Rotarian , Freemason, associated with numerous clubs like Yacht club, Lotus Club, Rama Varma Club, YMCA, Regional sports centre and charter member of RECCA club. He Has widely travelled around the world and attended numerous conferences, seminars & exhibitions connected to construction Industries.
National vice president and state chairman of Builders Association of india( BAI) .
Member Academic advisory council of Albertian Institute of Science and Technology (AISAT).
Had the unique opportunity to call on the President of India – His excellency shri Pranab Mukherjee with family and be the guest at Rashtrapati Bhavan for a week in 2015 and also had the unique privilege to attend the Ifthar party hosted by his excellency at Rashtrapati Bhavan 2017.
DIRECTOR
Rizwan Fazal
When family-run Bavasons Constructions Pvt Ltd was dissolved, Young Turk Rizwan Fazal decided to launch a fresh, new offshoot venture that would retain the legacy and goodwill created by the parent firm. The ace civil engineer, with laurels from Glasgow, chose to name his company 'Bavasons Homes' as a tribute to the business group's founder and his grandfather, the late Moideen Bava.
Moideen Bava was an extraordinary business visionary who had a prominent presence in sectors such as ice-making, matchbox, tobacco and seafood. He was also a well-known philanthropist, who was engaged in social activities as a Free Mason, Rotary stalwart and president of Kerala's Small-scale Industries Association.
Not just in name, Bavasons Homes has incorporated the business philosophy and principles that Bava enshrined through his excellence.
The company's core vision is simple: Be brilliant at the basics.
Bavasons Homes believes it is vital to understand the requirements of its clients, maintaining clear channels of communication and offering 100 per cent transparency.
Bavasons Homes is already on the path to establish a niche in the industry by maintaining a solid track-record in reliable, cost-effective and on-time execution of projects that involve world-class technical sophistication.
Last but certainly not the least, Bavasons Homes steadfastly upholds its 'Go Green' philosophy by adhering to sustainable construction guidelines.
Apartments
We offer completed apartments across major areas in Kerala.
Villas
We offer completed premium villas in Kerala
Commercial Spaces
Commercial spaces available for sale and rent in various parts of the city.
Projects completed over the years
VB Terrace, SRM Road
VB Court, LFC Road
VB Manor, Deshabimani
VB Residency, Kaloor
VB Enclave, Azad Road
VB Crest, Palarivattom
VB Classic, Lissie
VB Udyog, Kacheripady
VB Royal, Edapally
VB Garden, Chembumukku
VB Heritage, Vazhakala
VB Park, Kakkanad
VB Woods 1, Kakkanad
VB Woods 2, Kakkanad
VB Willows, Kakkanad
VB Springs, Kakkanad
VB Blue Chip , Kakkanad
VB Mist, Kakkanad
VB Dale, Kakkanad
VB Hive, Kakkanad
VB Shelter, Kakkanad
VB Floora, Kakkanad
VB Canopy, Kakkanad
VB Pavilion 1, Kakkanad
VB Pavilion2, Kakkanad
VB Green Manor, Kakkanad
VB Hills, Kakkanad
VB Earth, Kakkanad
VB Nest, Kakkanad
Media
Onam 23
A glimpse Onam celebration at Bavsons Homes Office
Faces of Dedication
Immerse yourself in the smiles and camaraderie of our team.
Meet Our Happy Workers
Passionate and skilled, our workers are the backbone of Bavasons Builders.
Projects
Apartments
READ MORE
Projects
Villas
READ MORE
BAVASONS SQUARE
KALOOR – KADAVANTHRA ROAD,
Kochi – 682017
+91 484-4858118 | +91 484-4868118 | +91 97459 77777
‍
info@bavasons.in
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Our Company's strongest personality traits are commitment and client relationship. In a Metro city like Kochi where trusted builders and affordable homes are in demand, Bavasons plays a vital role by delivering Simple, Elegant and Value based homes at a reasonable price. With a strong financial backup along with a group of experienced employees we have kept our commitments and performed well even during Economic Recession.
Design & Developed by Azura Creative Studio LLP