Privacy Policy Page
Home
About Bavasons
Journal
Projects
Customer Profile
Events
Design Studio
Gallery
Contact
Privacy Policy
for
Bavasons Homes
At Bavasons Homes, accessible from http://www.bavasons.in/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Bavasons Homes and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collected in Bavasons Homes. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
‍
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
We also gather usage statistics such as pages viewed, number of unique visitors, browser software, screen resolution etc. for analysis that helps us provide you with improved user experience and services.
We do not disclose any personal information without the user’s permission or under special circumstances such as legal actions against a user.
Our company sends emails to its registered customers to tell them about the products and services. Users can delete or deactivate their accounts registered with our website whenever they wish to do so.
‍
How we use your information
‍
We use the information we collect in various ways, including:
‍
- Provide, operate, and maintain our websites
- Improve, personalize, and expand our website
- Understand and analyze how you use our website
- Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
- Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
- Send you emailsFind and prevent fraud
‍
Log Files
‍
Bavasons Homes follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this as part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. We use this sort of information to serve our customers better and to generate unique advertisements to cater to customers.
‍
Cookies and Web Beacons
‍
Like any other website, Bavasons Homes uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
‍
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
‍
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Bavasons Homes.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Bavasons Homes, which are sent directly to users’ browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.Note that Bavasons Homes has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
‍
Third-Party Privacy Policies
‍
Bavasons Homes’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
For any queries, you can contact us: MOB: +91 80860 78391If you have Bavasons Homes additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. Change this to If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.Send you emails find and prevent fraud change this to Send you emails to find and prevent fraud.
Our Company's strongest personality traits are commitment and client relationship. In a Metro city like Kochi where trusted builders and affordable homes are in demand, Bavasons plays a vital role by delivering Simple, Elegant and Value based homes at a reasonable price. With a strong financial backup along with a group of experienced employees we have kept our commitments and performed well even during Economic Recession.